Remove or move ShARC from FAQ (#1948)
rcgsheffield/sheffield_hpc: FAQs.rst

.. code-block:: console

          [te1st@login1 [stanage] ~]$ quota -u -s
              Filesystem   space   quota   limit   grace   files   quota   limit   grace
          storage:/export/users
                           3289M  51200M  76800M            321k*   300k    350k   none 

In the above, you can see that the 'soft' space quota is 50 gigabytes and a small portion of this is currently in use. However, the files 'soft' quota is 300k whihc has been exceeded,

> additionally the grace period indicates the grace period for exceeding the soft quota has expired.

Reviewer: Might be worth tabbing this section between Stanage and Bessemer given the different quota command behaviours?

To request more memory and for information on how to assess sensible resource amounts please refer to our :ref:`Choosing appropriate compute resources page <Choosing-appropriate-compute-resources>`.

--------

Insufficient memory in an interactive session
---------------------------------------------

By default, an interactive session provides you with 4 Gigabytes of RAM (sometimes called real memory).

> You can request more than this when running your ``srun`` command.

Reviewer: iirc, Bessemer defaults to 2G and Stanage to 4016MB.

To request more memory and for information on how to assess sensible resource amounts please refer to our :ref:`Choosing appropriate compute resources page <Choosing-appropriate-compute-resources>`.

--------

Insufficient memory in an interactive session
---------------------------------------------

> By default, an interactive session on Stanage provides you with 4016MB of RAM (sometimes called real memory) or on Bessemer with 2 Gigabytes of RAM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, an interactive session on Stanage provides you with 4016 MB of memory or on Bessemer with 2 GB (2048 MB) of memory.
```

------

> 'Illegal Instruction' errors

Reviewer 2: Overall, feels like this section could be quite a bit more concise.

Author: Thanks Will. Concise is better. Left the mention of GPUs out for now.

----------------------------

> If your program fails with an **Illegal Instruction** error then it may have been compiled using (and optimised for) one type of processor but is running on another. 

Reviewer 2: Could provide examples? 
* compiled on one generation of Intel CPU but run on an older or newer generation
* compiled on an AMD CPU but run on Intel CPU

Reviewer 2: Could also x-ref to https://docs.hpc.shef.ac.uk/en/latest/referenceinfo/computer-architecture/quick-start.html#instruction-sets near the start of this section?

> If you get this error **after copying compiled programs onto a cluster** then you may need to recompile them on the cluster or recompile them elsewhere without aggressively optimising for processor architecture.

Reviewer 2: 'on' instead of 'onto'?

Reviewer 2: The issue isn't which cluster(s) a program was compiled then run on; the issue is the CPU architectures an executable (or library) was compiled for and run on.

Reviewer 2: > on the cluster or recompile them elsewhere without aggressively optimising for processor architecture.

I suggest omitting this as we don't want to encourage it.

If however you get this error when **running programs on the cluster that you have also compiled on the cluster** then you may have compiled on one processor type and be running on a different type.

> Since Stanage has distinct GPU and CPU node architectures, you have several options:

Reviewer 2: GPUs: what error message(s) do users get when attempting to run a CUDA program compiled with support for a particular compute capability on a GPU that only provides older compute capabilities?

Perhaps we could handle the GPU case in this section by just saying that there are similar concerns/issues with GPU programs then x-reference to info elsewhere in these docs re compute capabiltiies.

>  - Recompile your program without optimisations for processor architecture. 

Reviewer 2: >  - Recompile your program without optimisations for processor architecture. 

Again, I suggest omitting

>  - Recompile on the node type (CPU or GPU) you intend to run your job.

Reviewer 2: Or cross-compile for that other CPU or GPU type.

>  - Run your job on the type of architecture it was compiled for (CPU or GPU node).

Reviewer 2: > Run your job on the type of architecture it was compiled for (CPU or GPU node).

That's not really an _option_; users will always want to do this.

> Bessemer has the same architecture on all nodes.

Reviewer 2: s/architecture on/CPU architecture in/

'Illegal Instruction' errors
----------------------------

> If your program fails with an **Illegal Instruction** error then it may have been compiled using (and optimised for) one type of processor but is running on another (see :ref:`Instruction sets <instruction_sets>`). 

Reviewer 2: Tried re-writing this section:

```
If attempts to run a binary executable program fail with an ``Illegal Instruction`` error then 
your executable program (or a dynamically-linked library) may have been compiled so as to 
make more optimal use of the :ref:`Instruction set <instruction_sets>` of a particular CPU architecture (an *optimised binary*), 
but you're running the executable on CPU(s) that use a slightly different instruction set.

For example, you may have a executable program optimised for the Intel Icelake CPU instruction set but
you find it fails to run on AMD Milan CPUs, or
you might be trying to run a binary optimised for a very new Intel CPU architecture on an older model of Intel CPU.

For this reason we recommend that you avoid copying binary executables on to the HPC systems
and instead (re)compile programs and libraries on the HPC systems instead where possible.

This has the added benefits of ensuring that:

* Programs/libraries are compiled against the versions of dependencies provided on the HPC systems.
* Program/libraries are more likely to make use of the more advanced features of the CPU models in the HPC systems, 
  which could result in better performance/efficiency.
```

Thoughts?

Reviewer 2: Also, sorry but not sorry for the semantic line endings :)

Author: Very clear, much better. Thanks @willfurnass

Author: Added a callout box to draw attention to recommendation

        rsync -avP /Path/To/File_Or_Directory $Your_New_UserName@$HOSTNAME:/home/$Your_New_UserName/OldUserAccount

> 2. You want to copy your files to the new account on a different cluster node(e.g old account on Bessemer to new account on Stanage), here we are going to use the option "avzP" as we are going to transfer data over the internet, and it will be faster if it is compressed.

Reviewer: We might want to amend "over the internet" to be a bit more specific. Bessemer / Stanage remote links are over JISC link / private link.

Author: Thank you @jkwmoore. New commit to reflect your suggestions

        rsync -avP /Path/To/File_Or_Directory $Your_New_UserName@$HOSTNAME:/home/$Your_New_UserName/OldUserAccount

> 2. You want to copy your files to the new account on a different cluster node(e.g old account on Bessemer to new account on Stanage), here we are going to use the option "avzP" as we are going to transfer data over the JANET link (Bessemer) and private leased link (Stanage), and it will be faster if it is compressed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. You want to copy your files to the new account on a different cluster node (e.g old account on Bessemer to new account on Stanage), here we are going to use the option `avzP` as we are going to transfer data over the JANET link (Bessemer) and private leased link (Stanage), and it will be faster if it is compressed.
```
